Refactor README.md (#37)
pgspider/griddb_fdw: README.md

# GridDB Foreign Data Wrapper for PostgreSQL
GridDB Foreign Data Wrapper for PostgreSQL
==========================================

This PostgreSQL extension is a Foreign Data Wrapper (FDW) for [GridDB][1].  

> This version of griddb_fdw can work for PostgreSQL 11, 12, 13, 14 and 15. It is confirmed in GridDB 5.0.0.

Reviewer: I think the information of supported version is important, so could you keep this information?

Author: Added again, @hrkuma.

Reviewer: Thank you for support.

- **column_name** as *string*, optional, default name of foreign column

- **rowkey** as *boolean*, optional, default `false`

## IMPORT FOREIGN SCHEMA options

`griddb_fdw` supports [IMPORT FOREIGN SCHEMA](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-importforeignschema.html)
(when running with PostgreSQL 9.5 or later) and accepts the following custom options:

- **recreate** as *boolean*, optional, default `false`

  If 'true', table schema will be updated.

## TRUNCATE support

`griddb_fdw` yet **don't support** the foreign data wrapper `TRUNCATE` API, available
from PostgreSQL 14.

Functions
---------
As well as the standard `griddb_fdw_handler()` and `griddb_fdw_validator()`
functions, `griddb_fdw` provides the following user-callable utility functions:

*Functions from this FDW in PostgreSQL catalog are* **yet not described**.

**griddb_get_connection()**

**griddb_disconnect('server_name')**

**griddb_disconnect_all()**

Identifier case handling
------------------------

PostgreSQL folds identifiers to lower case by default.
Rules and problems with griddb identifiers **yet not tested and described**.

Generated columns
-----------------

> Behavoiur within generated columns **yet not tested and described**. 

Reviewer 2: `generated columns` has been supported and tested, here is test result: https://github.com/pgspider/griddb_fdw/blob/ae1c1632558d702ce21d659a071a32d06c240b5c/expected/15.0/griddb_fdw_post.out#L7898

So, could you add this information?

Author: Yes, new information have been added. Please, check.

Reviewer 2: Thank you for supporting.

	INTO public
	OPTIONS (
	  recreate 'true'
	);
```

After schema is imported, we can access tables.
To use `CREATE FOREIGN TABLE` is not recommended.

Limitations
-----------
### SQL commands
- Record is updated by `INSERT` command if a record with same rowkey as new record exists in GridDB.
In this case, `griddb_fdw` raises the warning.

```sql
INSERT INTO ft1 VALUES(100, 'AAA');
INSERT INTO ft1 VALUES(100, 'BBB'); -- Same as "UPDATE ft1 SET b = 'BBB' WHERE a = 100;"
```
- Don't support `ON CONFLICT`. PostgreSQL has upsert (update or insert) feature. When inserting a new row into the table, PostgreSQL will update the row if it already exists, otherwise, PostgreSQL inserts the new row. However, `griddb_fdw` does not support the upsert feature now. For example, it shows an error message if user executes the following query.

```sql
INSERT INTO ft1(c1, c2) VALUES(11, 12) ON CONFLICT DO NOTHING;
```

- Don't support `RETURNING`. Returning is way to obtain data if rows are modified by `INSERT`, `UPDATE`, and `DELETE` commands. `griddb_fdw` does not support this feature.
```sql
INSERT INTO ft1 (c0, c1) VALUES (1, 2) RETURNING c0, c1;
```
- Don't support DIRECT MODIFICATION

> - Don't support `IMPORT FOREIGN SCHEMA` with option `import_generated` or `LIMIT TO` clause

Reviewer 2: This description seems be not correct:
- Griddb FDW makes CREATE FOREIGN TABLE statements for all existed tables in remote server, and then PostgreSQL's core checks LIMIT TO or EXCEPT conditions.
- `import_generated` is an option of postges_fdw and it has no meaning with griddb_fdw.

So, could you update this information?

I think the description should be:
```suggestion
- Don't support push down LIMIT TO | EXCEPT filter in IMPORT FOREIGN SCHEMA. These filters will run locally.
```

Author: Thanks @nxhai98  , changed.

Reviewer 2: Thank you for fixing,

  GridDB notification address.

- **port** as *interger*, optional

  GridDB notification port.

- **database** as *string*, optional

  GridDB database name. Default is `public` if skipped.

- **clustername** as *boolean*, optional

  GridDB cluster name.
  
- **notification_member** as *string*, optional

  If you want to use fixed list mode instead of multicast mode, you have to specify `notification_member` instead of `host` and `port`:
`notification_member '10.18.18.18:10001'`

- **updatable** as *boolean*, optional

- **batch_size** as *integer*, optional

## CREATE USER MAPPING options

`griddb_fdw` accepts the following options via the `CREATE USER MAPPING`
command:

- **username**

  The griddb username to connect as.

- **password**

  The griddb user's password.

## CREATE FOREIGN TABLE options

`griddb_fdw` accepts the following table-level options via the
`CREATE FOREIGN TABLE` command.

- **table_name** as *string*

- **updatable** as *boolean*, optional

- **use_remote_estimate** as *boolean*, optional

- **batch_size** as *integer*, optional

- **fdw_startup_cost** as *interger*, optional

- **fdw_tuple_cost** as *integer*, optional

> - **rowkey** as *string*, optional

Reviewer: Could you remove this rowkey in this section as TABLE options?

Author: Ok. I think descriptions by authors for all options will be usefully. During studying `gridsb_fdw` I don't understand some options.

Reviewer: Thank you for support.

Functions
---------

Functions from this FDW in PostgreSQL catalog are **yet not described**.

Identifier case handling
------------------------

PostgreSQL folds identifiers to lower case by default.
Rules and problems with griddb identifiers **yet not tested and described**.

Generated columns
-----------------

Behavoiur within generated columns **yet not tested and described**. 

For more details on generated columns see:

- [Generated Columns](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-generated-columns.html)
- [CREATE FOREIGN TABLE](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createforeigntable.html)

Character set handling
----------------------

**Yet not described**.

Examples
--------

### Install the extension:

Once for a database you need, as PostgreSQL superuser.
```sql
	CREATE EXTENSION griddb_fdw;
```

### Create a foreign server with appropriate configuration:

Once for a foreign datasource you need, as PostgreSQL superuser.

```sql
	CREATE SERVER griddb_svr
	FOREIGN DATA WRAPPER griddb_fdw
	OPTIONS(
	  host '239.0.0.1',
	  port '31999',
	  clustername 'ktymCluster',
	  database 'public'
	);
```

### Grant usage on foreign server to normal user in PostgreSQL:

> Once for a normal user (non-superuser) in PostgreSQL, as PostgreSQL superuser. It is a good idea to use a superuser only where really necessary, so let's allow a normal user to use the foreign server (this is not required for the example to work, but it's secirity recomedation).

Reviewer: Please fix the typo 'secirity'?

Author: Fixed, thanks @hrkuma.

Reviewer: Thank you for support.

```sql
	GRANT USAGE ON FOREIGN SERVER sqlite_server TO pguser;
```
Where `pguser` is a sample user for works with foreign server (and foreign tables).

### User mapping

Create an appropriate user mapping:
```sql
    	CREATE USER MAPPING
	FOR pguser
	SERVER griddb_svr 
    	OPTIONS (
	  username 'username',
	  password 'password'
	);
```
Where `pguser` is a sample user for works with foreign server (and foreign tables).

### Create foreign table

> All `CREATE FOREIGN TABLE` SQL commands can be executed as a normal PostgreSQL user if there were correct `GRANT USAGE ON FOREIGN SERVER`. No need PostgreSQL supersuer for secirity reasons but also works with PostgreSQL supersuer.

Reviewer: Please fix the typo 'secirity'?

Author: Done. "u" and "i" is near on keyboard ...

Reviewer: Thank you for support.

  GridDB notification port.

> - **database** as *string*, optional, default `public`

Author: I have found https://github.com/pgspider/griddb_fdw/blob/ae1c1632558d702ce21d659a071a32d06c240b5c/connection.c#L252

> - **database** as *string*, optional, default `public`

Reviewer: Oh, I was wrong.
(I checked only option processing.)
Thank you for anyway.

  GridDB database name.

> - **clustername** as *boolean*, optional, default `false`

Author: Thanks @hrkuma , this error has been changed to right sentence.

> - **clustername** as *boolean*, optional, default `false`

Reviewer: Thank you for support.
